docs(enable-ha): document the enable-ha action (#1098)
juju/terraform-provider-juju: docs-rtd/howto/manage-controllers.md

> See more: [`juju_controller` (resource)](../reference/terraform-provider/resources/controller)

(enable-high-availability)=
## Enable High Availability

```{note}
Terraform actions require **Terraform 1.14** or later. For more information, see [Terraform actions](https://developer.hashicorp.com/terraform/language/v1.14.x/invoke-actions).
```

> High availability (HA) for a Juju controller ensures that multiple controller units are running so the controller remains available if individual units fail. The provider exposes this as a Terraform *action*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
High availability (HA) for a Juju controller ensures that multiple controller units are running so the controller remains available if individual units fail. You can enable HA either during bootstrap or post-bootstrap, as well as scale up or down later on.
```

    ]
    action_trigger {
      events  = [after_create]
      actions = [action.juju_enable_ha.this]
    }
  }
}

action "juju_enable_ha" "this" {
  config {
    api_addresses = juju_controller.this.api_addresses
    ca_cert       = juju_controller.this.ca_cert
    username      = juju_controller.this.username
    password      = juju_controller.this.password
    units         = 3
  }
}
```

### Enable controller high availability post bootstrap

```{note}
  Just like the Juju CLI command changing the constraints don't replace the existing units but set the constraints for the new units you're about to add.
```

You can also invoke the action independently against an already-bootstrapped controller.

```terraform
action "juju_enable_ha" "this" {
  config {
    api_addresses = juju_controller.this.api_addresses
    ca_cert       = juju_controller.this.ca_cert
    username      = juju_controller.this.username
    password      = juju_controller.this.password
    units         = 5
  }
}
```

Then run:

```bash
terraform apply -invoke=action.juju_enable_ha.this
```

Terraform will execute the `juju_enable_ha` action and ensure the controller has the requested number of units.

> Post bootstrap you can scale out or in, as below.

Reviewer: You can use this line at the top of the section, then branch out to Scale out / in immediately, moving the code block above into Scale out.

      "client-key"  = var.lxd_client_key
      "server-cert" = var.lxd_server_cert
    }
  }

  lifecycle {
    ignore_changes = [
      cloud_credential.attributes["client-cert"],
      cloud_credential.attributes["client-key"],
    ]
    action_trigger {
      events  = [after_create]
      actions = [action.juju_enable_ha.this]
    }
  }
}

action "juju_enable_ha" "this" {
  config {
    api_addresses = juju_controller.this.api_addresses
    ca_cert       = juju_controller.this.ca_cert
    username      = juju_controller.this.username
    password      = juju_controller.this.password
    units         = 3
  }
}
```

### Scale out

It's always possible to scale out the number of units via the terraform *enable_ha* action. The only requirement is to be an odd number.

### Scale in

It's not possible to scale in via the terraform *enable_ha* action, just like it's not possible to do it via the Juju `enable_ha` CLI command. To scale in you need to manually do via `juju remove-machine`.

### Constraints

Just like the Juju CLI command changing the constraints don't replace the existing units but set the constraints for the new units you're about to add.

> 

Reviewer: No no, I meant move these sections inside the post bootstrap case. Essentially post bootstrap you can scale out or in (if you've scaled out during bootstrap or after).
